

Discussion Questions
ASP.NET 
Chapter 4

1 Discussion Questions Chapter 4 Pages: 75 — 108

 1. What is scaffolding? 
The autogenerated code in ASP.NET when you choose a template to create your view and methods around you models.
2. What is a navigational property? What is a foreign key property? 
A navigational property Navigates to an associated field using a dot operator
A foreign key property associates with multiple fields, relationships between associated tables.
3. What is a virtual property? Why does the book use virtual properties? 
A virtual property is a property that is intended to be overridden by the derived class.   A property that can be manipulated in derived classes.
4. Explain eagar loading. Explain lazy loading. What is the difference between the two?
Eager loading gives you the ability to load all data at one time from query, instead of loading one element of data at a time, which is lazy loading.  Lazy loading only loads the data from the primary object in the LINQ query. Loads the rest of the data in a as-needed bases.
 5. What is meant by seeding a database? Explain. 
Seeding a Data enables you to create some initial data for the application, requesting the initializer. 
6. What is meant by the happy path? What is meant by the sad path? Give examples of each that are not in the book. 
Happy path is valid input, code you execute when the model is in valid state. Sad path is invalid, code executed when the model is in an invalid state.  
7. In HTTP POST, what happens when action parameters are passed by the query request? What happens to the parameters and how are they expressed? 
The parameters are issued and forgotten.  They are sent via the URL from the browser.


8. What is implicit model binding? Explain.
Implicit model binding is Custom model binding. Where it feeds primitive parameters into an action and searches and provides values into a method. Provide custom values.
 9. What is explicit model binding? Explain.
Explicit model binding is the default binding where it also feeds primitive parameters into an action and searches and provides values into a method.
